the bafta goes to
[Music]
will sharp jerry
hello uh good evening from the recent
past
i've just filmed a version of this in
slow motion by mistake so i'm hoping
that this one works
uh sorry not to be there with you live
but i'd just like to say thank you to
bafta
thank you to jane featherstone chris fry
susie leggett everyone at sister
pictures
thank you to tak kelly you're scared
owie all my fellow cast members
thank you also to julian farino and ben
chessel both
incredibly brilliant generous kind
directors from whom i learned an awful
lot
and thank you joe barton for writing
such beautifully funny and complex
characters and in this case a half
japanese one and just to say that it was
enough for me to have had the
opportunity to play the role and so
whether this clip sees the light of day
or not i have been and will remain
incredibly grateful for for all of it so
thank you very much
you